[ci-visibility] Update dotnet Testing Instructions (#12605)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_tests/dotnet.md

: Commit committer date in ISO 8601 format.<br/>
**Example**: `2021-03-12T16:00:28Z`

## Custom instrumentation

> Your setup for custom instrumentation depends on the `dd-trace` version and includes additional steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<div class="alert alert-warning">

>   <strong>Note:</strong> If you are using custom instrumentation, you must keep the package versions (dd-trace and Datadog.Trace NuGet packages) in sync.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <strong>Note:</strong> If you are using custom instrumentation, you must keep the package versions (`dd-trace` and `Datadog.Trace` NuGet packages) in sync.
```

>   <strong>Note:</strong> If you are using custom instrumentation, you must keep the package versions (`dd-trace` and `Datadog.Trace` NuGet packages) in sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <strong>Note:</strong> Your custom instrumentation setup depends on the `dd-trace` version. To use the custom instrumentation, you must keep the package versions for `dd-trace` and `Datadog.Trace` NuGet packages in sync.
```

</div>

> To use custom instrumentation in your .NET application:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To use the custom instrumentation in your .NET application:
```

Author: this paragraph is an adapted copy from: https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/tony/ci-visibility-update-ci-library/tracing/setup_overview/setup/dotnet-core/?tab=windows#custom-instrumentation

1. Execute `dd-trace --version` to get the version of the tool.
1. Add the `Datadog.Trace` [NuGet package][3] with the same version to your application.
2. In your application code, access the global tracer through the `Datadog.Trace.Tracer.Instance` property to create new spans.

> For more information on adding spans and tags for custom instrumentation, see the [.NET Custom Instrumentation documentation][4].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information about how to add spans and tags for custom instrumentation, see the [.NET Custom Instrumentation documentation][4].
```

Author: this paragraph is an adapted copy from: https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/tony/ci-visibility-update-ci-library/tracing/setup_overview/setup/dotnet-core/?tab=windows#custom-instrumentation
